Update help.md (#615)
hubmapconsortium/portal-ui: context/app/markdown/docs/help.md

**How to** register samples and sample data.

The [*ingest* page](https://ingest.hubmapconsortium.org) in the HuBMAP portal displays buttons to access the *HuBMAP ID* system and the *HuBMAP Data Ingest* system:

- *Register or search for donors and donor samples:*
Users can register or search for donors, donor organs and tissues through the *HuBMAP ID* system. Sample data may be searched by organization that provided the donor sample, *Sample Type* and/or by keywords.
- *Register or search for assay data:*
Users can enter or search for HuBMAP data through the *HuBMAP Data Ingest* system. Data may be filtered by the organization that generated the data and/or by keywords.

> **How to** [Submit a Dataset to HuBMAP](https://github.com/hubmapconsortium/portal-ui/blob/master/context/app/markdown/docs/Submitting_a_Dataset.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**How to** [Submit a Dataset to HuBMAP](/docs/submission).
```
